.. _whatsnew-0.1:

******************************
What's New in `astronat` v0.1?
******************************

Overview
========

Adopted the Astropy-affiliate template.

In particular, this release includes:

* :ref:`whatsnew-0.1-framework`
* :ref:`whatsnew-0.1-config`
* :ref:`whatsnew-0.1-constants`
* :ref:`whatsnew-0.1-units`
* :ref:`whatsnew-0.1-utils`

.. _whatsnew-0.1-framework:  

Framework
=========

Many of these do not have a lot of functions implemented, but the framework is in place as utilities are added.

- `constants` for astropy-style constants with frozen values

.. _whatsnew-0.1-config:

Config
======

Configuration functions: `check_config`, `write_config`, `get_import_verbosity`, `set_import_verbosity`, `get_warnings_verbosity`, `set_warnings_verbosity`, `get_frozen_constants`, `set_frozen_constants`.

All the configurations can be get / set during run-time.

There is a `with` version of all the configurations, for running code with a temporarily changed configurations.

.. _whatsnew-0.1-constants:

Constants
=========

Astropy constants, with a frozen version for reproducibility.

float versions of the constants accessible through values module this includes f*rozen version for reproducibility to access frozen version, set frozen-constants=True in `astronat` config.
*
- `FrozenConstants` for frozen constants
- `ConstantsValues` for the values of constants.
  
.. _whatsnew-0.1-units:

Units
=====

Astropy units, extended and with full AMUSE unit support.


.. _whatsnew-0.1-utils:

Utils
=====

General package utilities.


astronat.utils.typing
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- `ExtendedUnitType`: Units and Quantities